                         C Language

c header:

The .h files are called header files in C.
Some of the C Header files:

stddef.h – Defines several useful types and macros.
stdint.h – Defines exact width integer types.
stdio.h – Defines core input and output functions
stdlib.h – Defines numeric conversion functions, pseudo-random number generator, and memory allocation
string.h – Defines string handling functions
math.h – Defines common mathematical functions.



Application of C :

Operating systems: C is widely used for developing operating systems such as Unix, Linux, and Windows.
Embedded systems: C is a popular language for developing embedded systems such as microcontrollers, microprocessors, and other electronic devices.
System software: C is used for developing system software such as device drivers, compilers, and assemblers.
Networking: C is widely used for developing networking applications such as web servers, network protocols, and network drivers.
Database systems: C is used for developing database systems such as Oracle, MySQL, and PostgreSQL.
Artificial Intelligence: C is used for developing artificial intelligence and machine learning applications such as neural networks and deep learning algorithms.


Oerators:

Operators are symbols that trigger an action when applied to C variables and other objects. The data items on which operators act are called operands. 
Depending on the number of operands that an operator can act upon, operators can be classified as follows: 

Unary Operators: Those operators that require only a single operand to act upon are known as unary operators.For Example increment and decrement operators

Binary Operators: Those operators that require two operands to act upon are called binary operators. Binary operators can further are classified into: 
-Arithmetic operators
-Relational Operators
-Logical Operators
-Assignment Operators
-Bitwise Operator

Ternary Operator: The operator that requires three operands to act upon is called the ternary operator. Conditional Operator(?) is also called the ternary operator.



